feat: add C implementation for `stats/base/dists/poisson/kurtosis` (#4032)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/poisson/kurtosis/README.md

<!-- Section to include cited references. If references are included, add a horizontal rule *before* the section. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/poisson/kurtosis.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_poisson_kurtosis( lambda )

> Evaluates the excess kurtosis of a Poisson distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the [excess kurtosis][kurtosis] of a [Poisson][poisson-distribution] distribution with mean parameter `lambda`.
```

```c

> double out = sstdlib_base_dists_poisson_kurtosis( 9.0 );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
double out = stdlib_base_dists_poisson_kurtosis( 9.0 );
```
